>Protected Whitey Bulger while he was an FBI
witness. Put his enemies in jail while allowing him
to MURDER people.
>Convicted 4 of Bulger's enemies of crimes they
did NOT commit. fThey were all exonerated later,
recidivism MILLIONS of dollars, but two died in
jaiD
>lntimidated the parole board to keep these
wrongfully convicted men from being paroled
lwhere they could talk to the pressi
>LEAKING information about these men to have
them tried in the press and generate public
support for the convictions
>Raided Rep. Curt Weldon's home two weeks
before election, and his daughter home. Weldon
heavily criticized Mueller for failing to stop 9H 1.
>Leaked UNTRUE information to the press about
the raid, and then a year later iafter Weldon LOSTI,
dropped all charges against him and his daughter
>IIlegal raid on William Jefferson's OFFICE, which
is PROTECTED by special laws to intimidate other
members of congress and potential whistle
blowers talking to congress.
>Gutting senior personnel iwho would oppose his
illegal activitiesl from the FBI with his "5 years and
out" plan. Forcing the FBI to LOSE hundreds of
very qualified FBI regional managers.
>Using "National Security Letters" to bully,
intimidate, and terrify thousands of people and
launch blatant fishing expeditions. NSL's basically
say "give us all your records with NO WARRANT, or
things will go very 'badly' for you. And you are
barred from TALKING about this letter with
anyone?
loontinuedi
3 Anonymous llD: -i E
05K04H 8fFrDO8ZOSIO1 No.170421470
B l >Launching a raid against Sen.
1,. Ted Stevens a few weeks before
C l election based on KNOWN false
7. testimony, AND keeping
, exculpatory evidence from his
730 KB GIF lawyers la crimei. Case
completely dropped after Stevens
LOST reelection lObamacare passed by ONE vote
lateri.
>LEAKED KNOWN false stories about Stevens
BEFORE the election.
>Going after Dr. Steven Hatfill for the 2001 anthrax
attacks with ZERO evidence. Intimidating him,
forcing him to spend millions defending himself,
and ruining his career. Hatfill was later awarded 5
million dollars for this unjust treatment
>Framing Scooter Libby for misremembering an
interview while investigating who "outed" Valerie
Plame as a CIA asset. Used fabricated evidence
for even that petty conviction.
iFun Fact, Tump PARDONED Scooter Libby last
month, so he is no longer a felonJ
>IGNORING conclusive evidence that Richard
Armitage purposefully leaked Plame,s identity
>Ignoring KNOW islamic terrorists and instead
investigating people who REPORTED suspected
terrorism as "islamophobes" ifor possible "hate
crimes">
>GUTTED the FBI counter-terrorism materials from
all mention of "islamic terrorism"
>MAlNTAlNED relations with CAIR fCouncil on
American Islamic Relationsi, even AFTER they
were linked financing terrorism, and ORDER to stop
all contact
>So many fucking conflicts of interest between
Mueller, Hilary, Obama, Trump wiretapping, and
DOZENS others, any one of which SHOULD have
disqualified him from being the special prosecutor.
If you think this corrupt piece of shit is anything
but 10004: swamp monster they you are fucking
retard.
>>17o439105 it
