>he's always chatting up girls, they're approaching
3 Anonymous usinlisiWsdinozoszia No.45392003 . him We W5 3 common thing for him- inSlead Oi
trying to score with them he instead gets them to
x Just gonna share a story about how talk to me
:1 C I realised that Chad is not my , >spllling spaghetti hard. but know that Chat is there.
i Ly enemy. and that he in fact is , and he is, always see that he's right there ifl shut
l M everything I could ever want to be. down, constantly walks up to me and asks how I'm
r t doing. if everything is ok
7 Kan-,6 >many years ago >at the same time he's always giving me space to
>meet Chad playing dayzt we were i talk to new people, constantly introducing me and
both young trying to get me to be more social, he's actually
>talk to him throughout many years, he considers succeeding because I DO talk to people there
me a Very good friend for some reason >even manage to chat some 51001 up, no idea how
>we talk about we're doing. play games once in a but she seems interested in me, we're both
while, he's busy but when he's oniine he always laughing and having a generally good time
messages me and asks me to play stuff with him >Chad senses this and tells me to take her to his
>this is good for me because i'm fucking ioneiy. place. he will stay out and will sleep at his buddies
have hardly any friends. but Chad is always there Place
>he invites me to visit him. he lives in another >completely fail and lose my boner when I'm with
Western Euro country her. tell Chad about it and he laughs and says that
>I have no money because NEET, tell him I can't, it's no big deal, says the same thing happened to
he says he will pay for me him
>buys me a ticket, says I can stay over his place, , >can tell that he knows that im a virgo but he never
it's a really nice place, Chad has a greatiob in , mOCkS me
some IT company >spend a month with him, eventually do end up
>l visit him, he takes me to parties, never leaves losing my virginity With another 9i" he introduced
my side, gives me talks on how I should behave me 10
>introduces me to his friends. tries his best to get
me to interact with them, talks about me to his fast forward to now, this was around a month ago
friends and makes me sound a lot more interesting
than I am >he's giving me tips on how to make cheap but
>takes me to some clubs where he's well known. meretricious meals
tells me things like I should just enjoy myself and >send him pics of what I made, he is actually proud
not be nervous. actually gets me to dance one for some reason
night i >realise hets my father ngure. he's the best person i
>I have a few breakdowns when we're outside i eVe' rnet
doing stuff, in my mind I can't do this, all the self >is trying to convince me lo 90 to the gym
hate makes me completely shut down sometimes >wants me to visit him again and take me fishing at
>Chad takes me out and talks me through it, his cabin
somehow start having fun being around normies,
Chad never leaves my side Sure there are good and bad Chad's. but this guy
and his friends are the best people I have ever met.
I don't know why he decided to try and "fix" me but
for some reason he did and I am so incredibly
thankful
