>D2cid: to go clubbing agatn tor the :hhd n'lgM in a lmv
N'Umr a few hauls oi clubbing we were pretty cloaking inahriatad
slilnany chose to wander back to our halal tor the mghi
>595l1la stlnnhte hack m the nasal hawng a great linking rtrne
We are stlnmnty apmtzched by rule a San Fran: nnest. a lflgh'erlmgly entangled .ntevll annin: nnnter
>We ate nut illlelesled in acquiring t-anareal diseases hum a crack uhxe. continue to walk
>As the were abuul to walk by this hookersaid something that N newt be able lo forget
VI it het each at you boys ten dallars that you cant shit on my toast
>Doyc lrnmedatclytaltan harup an the offer mi: and 'hc ten: ai lry lricnds amtoa drunk tn care
>Hdaltnrtntcs us all down to an alley titer. tnocaads :a toy dim-rt twt'n herfnce upwards
,l Anonymous GD: -l latzsttmuelzsmaa No.576373816 . wgazagg
>cunt
>"Okay my to shlt an my lace'
>Dalle gaes llrst.
>Dme pulls his pants dawn and snakes his bare ass
>Just as he's nbnuun pitch a log of? emu this mesh addicllvhole's ibrehesd she Haws on He asshole
Vtssholc immediately shlivels up like u dehydrated waisln. Dave laterally call no: shit on her Face
>My tum noxt
>l stand orer hertaee knowing thet my ten dollars is at stakn
>l squsze my hornets like Ive never squeezed thsnt helate and I heqn la teel a masser shit lug stlmrg tmhin me
>t hatt gamed canhceme. lhls was my sntnhtg moment
>Just as I let the nu at my shit tuuching the 1an on my assmlle a great wind Swen uD ttutn llte Diasillule's mcutll and instantly clused the
gate: at my sphincul
>Just as Dave had failed hsiora m. I was unnsuccasslul in my quasi
>Hnuksr proceeds ta co the same to each at my friends not a single one at us can shit on her face
>t>tankernottects sixty ttrrclts amt we nntsh nutjalllney back tnthe hale: detpntea
>All nf my nisnds and I quickly torgztthe expenence. meat for Dave
mate becomes tegntinlately dngy that hsnasrit able to shit. on the :nutllrer's lace
>Keeas talking dboulhnw much hewaub his money back
>whalavel.gil
Next day
>0ur phnc loaves the next running. so 1N5 night was our last in San Francisco
>tttie decide to go around and sat rtnnev at ths cheapsst teslaurant we can rind taller losing our money to the hooker we decided nut to spend
muchl
>Fllldlltls nasly 'chlnese" bullet
>Eat a lucklon nl load. tons otrealht Suicv stuil
l1 Anonymous tin -y militiamen: am: No 5763mm >
>wnl.
>Declde so go back to the hotel to chill and Stan packing
>We gel back to :he Hvlel. and a lack oi purs malice cmsscs Dave's toes
s'lwttrn going to gm ourmmmy new
>Appsrently the chinese hottet was beginning to have a sen'ont affect on Dave
>Dzve runs out oi ihs hotel to gc shut the honksrim'rl the night belate
>Fnends and t have no chnlte but to follow
mate doubles utter in stomach oath. still running twttl the teticuty and deierlrl'lllallm or a ligress tuntlng llet may
>Dave begins to groan and Hit tnadly, timing even taster than befale
sFinatty aniyee: the alley when we met the Imltsr bsfnls
>Sure enough the was rnszh head prostitute is sluQig at the same comet
thvc groans through clcnchdd tooth "We want to try and shzt onynoriace again. double or nothing
>Hanker agrees
makes us back lathe same place as ashore and lays in the same positrdn
mate Sta-ids ovet hertace as l ramatn transfixed with antlclpandn
Ci Anonymaus tin: -l tolzmnnueln: 3:13 No 5753742311 b
scml.
mature the heater even had time to me her lips in preparaton ol closing Dave's sphinctel. he beganto release an urlhoiy anal Ielvcrthe
likns oi which no man should mrwitnnss
>Dave lets out a deteanrngtvatcry as legtohs at liquid shit spew tolth ham bslaveen his hereiy Vl'amttng asscheslts
>the hmkefs screams ot utter tent stanty hecome mtmtect as legsndaly pmpdnrons at phat-digested sprcy aslan outlet cover her lace and
chest
nTheshil Lonliltues to i'luw follll as the llwdgdtes ul hen remain upen
>Hwker attempts to protect he steady scattnnied face Nllh her hands, which we quickly pushed back by theinrce cf Dave's anal explosion
>Finnlly, Dave's ase slowly gutters and harps itscti to sleep
>Davc tunns amnd, ham ass odivnringinom the after affects at what can only he companxlln a nuctnar blast in mdnrlo aesdss the damaga
>The l-tddlrerrs literally catered tram head to me in shtl. wn'h a smell lsmlnrsersnt ol the nnson cells in Auschwitz
>She s not start moving anymore. she Jusl lays still put lnia shock by the imce of Dave's shit
>Dave turns to us Mm a seriutts cxptesslwl cn Ins lace hare ass still excused to me Mae
y't-toly luck I've killed her'
>The pavement amurilee hookers head is also drenched in shit. giving the appeaivrice dis gmesque brawn hat:
>ste quickly pulls his pants back up. and we all sprint zwny lmm the a'Icy
sStrlt dan't knnw what hanponnd ta that hnuknr or it eho m'un snryivnd
