>bc15 >>48l86059
>have outbreak of bad cystic acne all over face M . > .
>really bad, big pockets of puss allover lfliell to addltolhls >>48l860t16 it was the worst pain
>canii even move my cheeks properly Ive felt until then After that I ye felt the pain of post
>Iocal dermatologist says she wants me to go see yalvl operation, Ive had kidney stones 3 times,thcse were
face surgeon pretty bad, I had an Urinary Catheter once which was z
I dunno really, someone who can release some of the grlitygrhleasantbeyenerice, againha llme degrading.
puss, but is specialized in face muscles so that he 0 pains u everyone as 053'
doesnt sever something so that I end Up not being able There was something about the experience I describe
'0 move my face or feel. that was different. Maybe the absence of pain killers.
>get hospitalized for 5 days at a shitty hospital tpoor My experience with pain over the years has taught me
country, hospitals are Sh'll that pain is the big equalizer, Same as death. No one i
>surgeon Doc kinda mad why they send me to him, above pain. Everyone likes to thinkthey are tough but
doesnt WOW what they want from him, W53 I101 a everyone should have respect for pain, From a moral
dermatologist sense I wouldlust kill someone ratherthan torture the
>explain to him my dermatologist lady expects him to
release some of the puss so that she can take it from So anyway, After that experience of course my face
there. was kinda scarred and a little disfigured. tdon't really
>l sit in a dental Cllall wanna go that far in respect to people with real
>he reluctantly starts using tweezers to tear at the cysts, disfigurementsi. Acne was still going, puss still buildir
punctures holes and puts in plastic drainage things Up. That nonpled with my kinda fried brain made feel
>no anesthetic for some reason I was dead. Life was over, the man I could have been
scant say why, but pain was extreme will never be. In a way it was liberating in the sense 1h:
>rriaybe because of nerves, 0y heme my face and technically I could do whatever. lcoLild be a walking
hence so close to the brain oryust lJCCaLISC it was the dead man lUSl going through life until it's over for real
psychological aspect of haying my face torn . a
mug went 0,, once or twice each day Thats when Ifirst got internet, started staying up late,
>felt like I was being tortured, except theie was no give not sleeping enough, not eating. Getting really Short
up option, nothing to admit to or reveal to make it stop templeied at SChoo' but that was hormones ' guess
>pain was so bad I was seeing stars or felt I could pass SOUP ed mm the realization that W crush WOUId never
our fall wisniilidnigilyeil'li'lilQJ'iiJine'ng ug'y mil
>felf like my brain was being tried . ' $9?an an
>l just clenched my tcttth and took it, had to take Enggrsyibasically aJoke In the eyes of any girl ever sinc
breathers or be careful not to break my teeth
>pain continued for some time after the procedure was During this part of my life I had no friends. I had lost
over and l went bank to my loom contact with all my classmates from middle school I
>aller each time i felt dehumanlzed, broken, like a was going to a School with a disprovonionately high
10mm victim percentage of girls and I was too shy to befriends With
>l laid lh bed alid cried intensely, disoriented, like sent to them they didn't like me anyway-
another realrn, feeling I had a broken psyche
>felt like my mind was in a world of darkness, connected
to that pair of existence which is only dark, bad, sick and
Vile.
>itis hard to describe, like connecting to a plain of
eldritch horror
>I felt I would never be the same again
>l felt the me who was before that had died
I can write the aftermath of all ofthls if anyone is
interested.
2 REPLIES
Please tell me anon
l REPLY
