>>95195553
Sn people have their lives contexttiaiized py inhuman machinations which, okay, its pretty pleak out not outright destructive. rlght'7 just a punch
olconsumers oeing takentora ride ilghi7 Well no. y'see, the consequence or religion more or less railing outol stile iii the public
consciousness is that there's no longer a single common cultural narrative So you just dont get to see tim at sunday school so what'7 Well the
larger point oi contention is that there's always heen a considerable percentage or any population that gives way to lanatrc hehavior which in
antiquity usually meant religious ianaticisrn, But it the narrative oi religion is weakened and the only other alternatives to nanative are
autondniically generated content marketing narratives too shallow to really make a liiestyle out oi. you run into a phenomenon where a
percentage oi the population essentially migrated between brands in a pseudo idolatrous methodology When yoli really come down to it. a
tanhase is literally mat the same thing as a cult. they both act as a community that hung people together to discuss a speciuc narrative Except
the religious ones actually at least try to drier the illusion oi helng heneiictal to society at large white the autonomic models are there purely ror
proht and other hedonic sensory overload to compensate tor any shallowness
Did you ever stop to think about how we live in a world where a punch or people do crazy shit over cartoons, harass people, send death
threads. sell cars for sauce, 21:7 Do you really think that's lust normal behaVlorJ hlol those sons at people would've been in a tucking
monastery a couple oi hundred years ago, they're ianatics. pure and simple Nothing iirong wrlh heing a tanatic it its constructive put these
narraltves dnnt have lhat tnielest in mind
Anonymous 21 Octoberzon tsatl - 11 02:33 No 95155955 v
larirzzsassss a itsco ks. asoxsrsigosa a tqna :rayg 'agex'ilal:
, :eaoteaiaa
, . So, to put it oluntly, we ouite literally live in a
' . society where abstract mathematical lonnulas are
1 , l in charge ot a marlretthat pretty much doesn'tsell
ms ' products anymore and is more locused on selling
m :
narrative scams oaserl on the oenmeters horn
I these algorithms and a hunch oi i-rackos who in
x 1 r T ,7 Q another litehme would've been wrlch burners who
D . . 5:5 , 1., have nothing too spiritually satisly their intrinsic
1. . W ' ohsessive tendencies are replacing a common
1': C1257: cultural narrative With many dillerent smaller ones
1, ,I 1 1.351121 '31,: 3 1p 1 in dlherentmoes, which is how you end up with
l " r. .1le jgfggu . nazis and compiles in a prosperous capitalist
1 1'3ij J32 migjigh 1 country thinking the end oithe world is next weeks
121,? A . i ' literally creating their own piohlems
-r't .
' ' ' . - ' One could argue thatwe have too much heedom
4h. ? of choice when it comes to iniorination about
X w l narratives and its actively harming this society
w i r The russrans use avant garoe techniques in their
5 propaganda to gnie their population so much
ti s '1 It" 1'? i' W-'- 'i's 'mz ' otzaiie data to sill through they lust conioim with
Lax ' T 1R i ., ammota 53?. if e , no real goal in mind the chinese lust censor and
,,, A .. r" ' , i ,r , 1? t'i' . a, a-i , 1 EM 5 v.41 1i r'. 1 have less overall data ted to their population But
111-1141,? w -i.: at 351'lttiur inI- ll 1h t hdt
,Hi ,1 all 311 WW U m up , 1,1: .5 awr- r W?- 1. a in amerrcans simu aneousy ave oo muc a a,
tritium tiltlkhrlv'l-gilrfil2514111thC M1 i9.- W 3fmt.'"ficx You in and too little diversity in the data, making new
tor context to corral them into a specihc mindset
And all it takes is a pairoleyesto see that the current mindset iorameiican populations is apatheticvs messiah complex murderousness
The silver lining is i think these marketers dont know they're playing with we. 1 don't think its entirely out or the question that some day soon a
crowd oi angry people will actually lynch content creators ior not towing their own narrative complex, and very soon they may pegin to live in
tear People thinkthis sexual harassment sum is a pig happening out i think its only going to he a drop in a larger hucket thatll he the 2020s
it not apocalyptic they'll be interesting times,
