> 'tin the word at cammand: make ready
'9 safety, change lever, si-
t: CHU-EHUNK
z: Fucking rnnng just cocks it and sits there with a
shiteeting grin
e chilled as fuck corporal goes over the driii twice more
heceuee cleariy lsaac didnt get it
: 'ck, listen in: make rea-
r CHU-QHUNK
e Fucking mung hasnt got a clue
e usuaiiy ehiii ccrpnrai starts getting: pissed new, repeats
it again 1 on 1 with mong
> some time tateru.
: sitting around talking about tiring from prone etc
a "so remember the El key point checklist, iege, rifle butt,
head 1
e BLIGK, SMAEK
e CHlJ-CHUMK
e Isaac randomiy leaded a magazine and fucking: cocked
the rifle in the middie at the sentence
> corporal loses his shit
2: makes him do laps of the 3AA. hieck until he nearly
chunders, watches him iike an eagie every 3AA lessen
after that
e dipshit iaiied his WHT twice, lwes in the First one with
him to witness the madness
:- stripping the weapon for daily maintenance
:- BEING
:- idiot iaunched his fucking recoil spring halfway across
the room
:- corporal looking on in disbelief
a 18k, point to your firing pin
:- I point to the firing pin
a 'lsaac,thats your gas rod...thats your cam stud...recoii
assambly...charging handle......you have no fucking clue
do you?
I could go on for days about the monginiess of lasers.
Anonymous I 3.3.1 trying 1 hr 335' no
tar-34110371
s arrivai day
:- lsaac arrives late due to x and Y excuse, misses the.
briefing and everything
:- cnokhouse is closed
:- lsaac goes in and makes some poor chef cook him
dinner
a Isaac finishes the meal
'2- iThat was good but my throats reallyr dry now, can you
fetch us a drink'
:- allmywutjpg
e makasthis poor chef grab him a drink
Later on...
a training sergeant told us we wcuid have an inspection
tomorrow
> tald us the meet random order like he was making it up
as he went aleng
e we all work like demons late into the night, cieening the
abiutiene, double and triple checking everyones space is
the same, lrening everything you can possibly iran
3 Isaac spent the whole night on his bed iietening to
music on his phone reaiiy ioudiy
:3 ileaae mate, tree havent done shit'
> llll do it tomorrow im tired
2: What time you getting up then cue we're aii getting up
at 5
e 'Prohabiy around 3630'
e inspections at W15 mate.:'
a 'I know'
a walk away in utter disbelief
a he biares his music all night even though he has
headphones but doesn't use them
3 wheie section gets fucking pissed to the paint of needy
kicking the living fuck out of him
a he reiinquiehee and puts his headphones in which he
had the entire time
as we're all steeping en the floor aeto not have it: re ircn
cur beds and ciliaws
> Isaac sieeps soundly in bed
a get ripped apart in inspecticn because his badscace
looks like a fucking Brimstone hit it
> we all get bollocked
e least: had the nerve to say 'well nobody would help me,
I didnt know what in do innit'
e sergeant thenkiuliy doesnt take any or it
e push ups, hurpees and sprints round the bleak in lull
Chitiri clown suit and GSR
e comes back in shattered
e 'iiek, i dent get what i did Wreng cruu'
a nobody talks to him her 3 days
1x2
> doing our first tab under the watchful eye of the most
bipolar PTI the world has ever known
> can be the nicest bloke one minute and the biggest
cunt the next
> tab starts off fairly easy, only 15kg in bergens and rifle,
no webbing or helmets
> get to the aptly named A8rE Hill ipirbright lads cue a
spinal spasmi
> this fucker smiles gleefully
> 'PREPARE TO DOUBLE'
> oh lord...'Prepare to doublel'
> 'DOUBLE MARCHl'
> Fucker starts sprinting up this big bastard hill
> other PTls screaming about closing the gaps
> I started in the second to last row but have somehow
made my way to the second row from the front
> get to the top of the hill and go back into quick march
> just as we get our breath back the PTI starts running
again
> 'IF YOURE NOT WITH ME YOURE LATEl'
Cont.
2 REPLIES
Anonymous l 34110864 15 min. ago u.
>>341 10820
2l3
> all run after him, hanging out our arses but we get there
> 30 second water break then turn back around and
march back
> march back down the hill, the finish line is in sight
> sighs of relief all around
> one gobby cunts voice sails over the platoon
> 'thank fuck man that was so shit'
> the unmistakeable voice of Isaac
> PTls ears perk up like a cat smelling fresh milk
> we get to the bottom of the hill
> 'Ok well done lads, we actually came in under time,
good effort'
> 'But now, thanks to the lad at the back...platoon, about
turn'
> we're now facing back up the hill
> you can almost hear everyones optimism drop out their
arses and hit the tarmac
> 'youre going to sprint up to the corporal, around him,
and then jog back down' icorporal was at least 200
metres up this hilD
> 'Standby...standby...GOl'
> cue mad dash up to the top, a few lads get clattered by
rifles or bergens to the face
> everyone jogs back down sweating like a para in a
spelling test
Cont.
Anonymous 1 34110876 14 mln- 390 on
>>341 10864
3B
> 'Hmm I dont think youve learned your lesson. Standby,
standby, GOl'
> everyone summons all their strength and somehow
gets up this hill and back down
> 'Alright, who wants to go again? How about you gobby?
fisaaci'
> 'no staff'
> 'thats not the attitude were looking for...standby...GOi'
> people are visibly fighting inner demons on the way up
to keep their legs moving
> honestly thought i was gunna shit myself
> manage to get back down
> 'Ok lads, anyone changed their mind? Anyone want to
go again?
> everyone by this time looks like theyve spent a few
months in interrogation and has resigned themselves to
their fate
> 'YES STAFF' in unison
> 'Good. Now, you see that chain link fence at the top of
the hill? i want you to sprint up and touch it then come
back down'
> honestly thought someone was gunna swing for him
> 'standby, STANDBY...ok turn around, we're going in'
> sighs of relief all round
We also got 3 guys sent to A 81 E in that one session, one
fucked his back, one snapped his hamstring and another
snapped his calf. Fun times..
