>worked for a group dedicated to finding Bigfoot.
>We always done our searches in the Oregon woods. Upon our searches
there, we've only caught certain howls on our recorders, maybe a slight
silhouette of a figure through the trees, but no strong evidence of a
Bigfoot.
>However, something happened. Something I lived to tell.
>One night, we were wrapping up our investigation. We didn't catch shit at
all, except maybe some branches breaking but that's it. I went to go take a
shit in the woods while the team started packing.
>After a couple of minutes, I found the perfect bush. Ijumped in it,
unzipped my trousers, squatted down, then proceeded to drop the
Obamas off in the woods.
>Suddenly, I started hearing footsteps. I called out to see if it was one of
the team members, because at this point I had been gone for a while.
>"Rickl? Is that you?" I yelled out. Of course, no answer. The footsteps
started getting closer.
>I started freaking out. I couldn't get up to run away because I had half of a
shit log hanging out of my ass.
Then suddenly... 0721
Anonymous 39 minutes ago 776472121 :
2 REPLIES
>>776472020 OPI
>To my surprise, I feel a rather large hairy finger slide down the crack
of my ass and into my bootyhole. Iyelped out, but not in displeasure. It
felt kinda good. I turned around and there was the autistic ape himself,
Bigfoot. He was licking his fingers. He then had a smile of malicious
intent, staring at me.
>Before I could run away, he grabbed me by me shirt and slammed me
against a nearby tree, then proceeded to slide his fat hairy hog of a cock
in my ass. I tried to yell out for help but Bigfoot jammed his shit-covered
fingers in my mouth. I've tasted my own shit before so I rather started
enjoying this.
>Bigfoot's cock was rather large. He was stretching out my anal cavity and
growling with extreme pleasure. I'm pretty sure my anus started to bleed
but it got easier since it was lubricant for his cock. Next thing I know, he
was pumping his thick ape seed deep in my guts, his howls of pleasure
echoing through the woods.
>He pulled his hairy dick out of my ass and I couldn't resist to fart out his
large load of cum right back out, making a large "SPLATl" on the ground.
>Next thing I know, he grabs a clump of my hair then proceeds to shove
my face directly into his haiw, smelly ass, followed by him releasing a
warm geyser of extreme diarrhea all over my face and directly into my
mouth. I could hear the fucker laughing. Although his diarrhea tasted shit,
thejoke was on him. I was loving every second of it.
>Suddenly, I heard my team members calling out my name. Bigfoot
suddenly stopped moaning. He released my hair and ran into the woods.
They all came running up to me while I was covered in liquid shit and
Bigfoot's cock-juice leaking out of my ass, asking what happened. I told
them exactly what happened and they all fucking laughed at me.
>From that point on, everyone called me "Bigfoot's toilet whore", but it
didn't phase me. While we were trying to find Bigfoot, Bigfoot was trying to
find me. and he did.
